Slack migration settings (#9043)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

## April 2026

> - **Enhancement:** A Slack notification settings migration banner now appears on the **Slack notifications** settings page for eligible users. You can migrate legacy Slack notification settings to the new Slack app in one click or **Dismiss** the banner for your current session. After migration, dbt lists private channels that still need a dbt bot invite. Refer to [Migrating legacy Slack notification settings](/docs/deploy/job-notifications#migrating-legacy-slack-notification-settings) for details.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Enhancement:** A Slack notification settings migration banner now appears on the **Slack notifications** settings page for eligible users. You can migrate legacy Slack notification settings to the new Slack app in one click or **Dismiss** the banner for your current session. After migration, dbt lists private channels that still need a **dbt Platform app** invite. Refer to [Migrating legacy Slack notification settings](/docs/deploy/job-notifications#migrating-legacy-slack-notification-settings) for details.
```

> - **Enhancement:** A Slack notification settings migration banner now appears on the **Slack notifications** settings page for eligible users. You can migrate legacy Slack notification settings to the new Slack app in one click or **Dismiss** the banner for your current session. After migration, dbt lists private channels that still need a **dbt Platform app** invite. Refer to [Migrating legacy Slack notification settings](/docs/deploy/job-notifications#migrating-legacy-slack-notification-settings) for details.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Enhancement:** A Slack notification settings migration banner now appears on the **Slack notifications** settings page for eligible users. You can migrate legacy Slack notification settings to the new Slack app in one click or **Dismiss** the banner for your current session. After migration, dbt lists private channels that still need a <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> app invite. Refer to [Migrating legacy Slack notification settings](/docs/deploy/job-notifications#migrating-legacy-slack-notification-settings) for details.
```

> - **Enhancement:** A Slack notification settings migration banner now appears on the **Slack notifications** settings page for eligible users. You can migrate legacy Slack notification settings to the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> app in one click or **Dismiss** the banner for your current session. After migration, dbt lists private channels that still need a <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> app invite. Refer to [Migrating legacy Slack notification settings](/docs/deploy/job-notifications#migrating-legacy-slack-notification-settings) for details.

Reviewer: sugg shortening it a bit and making it easier to read
```suggestion
- **Enhancement:** Eligible users now see a migration banner on the **Slack notifications settings** page to migrate the legacy Slack notification settings to the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> app in one click. After migration, dbt lists any private channels that still need a <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> app invite. For details, refer to [Migrating legacy Slack notification settings](/docs/deploy/job-notifications#migrating-legacy-slack-notification-settings).
```

Author: Hiya @mirnawong1 

As Slack account notifications and Teams notifications are now [GA](https://dbtlabs.atlassian.net/browse/PRODDOCS-952) / [PR](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/9055) I won't roll this in if that's ok?

Reviewer: ok, it was jsut a rewrite of your original 👍
